Misc changes (#328)
acend/container-basics-training: content/en/docs/09/_index.md

6f08ac657320        mariadb             "docker-entrypoint..."   5 hours ago         Up 3 hours          3306/tcp             mariadb-container
```

We will link the containers in a new network. But first get rid of the currently running ones:

```bash
docker stop apache-php mariadb-container mariadb-container-with-existing-external-volume
docker rm apache-php mariadb-container mariadb-container-with-existing-external-volume
```

To enable communication between Docker containers, use `docker network`. Per default Docker has three networks available. Verify that:

```bash
docker network ls
```
Will output the following:
```
NETWORK ID          NAME                DRIVER              SCOPE
9233283df4a6        bridge              bridge              local
640877f8aec4        host                host                local
72f9a9996909        none                null                local
```

For this exercise create a new network with:

```bash
docker network create container-basics-training
```

> If you now rerun the list command for Docker networks `container-basics-training` will show up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you now rerun the list command for Docker networks, `container-basics-training` will now show up.
```

Author: To times now is too much imho. changed it to:
If you rerun the list command for Docker networks now, `container-basics-training` will now up.

The two containers are now able to talk to each other. But let's check this:

If you type <http://localhost:8080/db.php> in your browser or use `curl http://localhost:8080/db.php` in the webshell you get... an error!
This is because the mysqli extension is not installed in the container.

> Off course we will not install it in the running container but change the image. More on that in the next lab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Obviously, we will not install it in the running container but build a new image. More on that in the next lab.
```
